hey hey guys so I've always wanted to
have a spiral staircase that opens and
closes on whims notice but I haven't
been able to find one on the interwebs
so I just decided to make one myself um
it's basically just in T flip-flop
hooked up to a whole bunch of correctly
time pistons and one tick generators and
of course a double piston expander
extender I designed this one myself
because they need the output to be one
wide nice and compact and couldn't find
that anyway surprisingly enough um but
so yeah you could hook it up to an iron
RS nor latch array and have to type in
the code to get into it like you saw a
little clip beforehand um yes we'll
watch how it works from the inside ish
she closes there's a little lag there
but you get the gist and she opens when
we do that one cuz it lagged a little
closes and opens
this guy takes a little longer because
uh just how things worked out or else I
would have had to make a whole nother
line around it uh wouldn't worked out
too well um but yeah so if enough
interest in show is showed in this thing
I'll make a tutorial for it or possibly
upload my world for download so you can
see for yourself um and I'm also working
on a version 2 right now which it will
be more compact and hopefully slightly
faster but that's all I got for you guys
today thanks for watching have a great
day